hey guys this is brave as a lot of you
know I have a CD that I'm selling on
iTunes but I know the problem is a lot
of you guys are young kids and you don't
have credit cards and you don't have
itunes so I had an idea that what i
could do is send you the CD to your
house what I'm going to do is I'm going
to make up a cheap version of the cds
that is pretty much not a whole lot of
decoration but just just the CD mainly
and I'll sign it and whatever and leave
you a note or whatever and all I could
mail it to your house which might take a
little while and i'll have a return
envelope where you can send me five
dollars because these cheap ones i don't
have more expensive ones also but i can
have the cheap ones for five dollars so
just wondering if you guys think that'd
be a good idea if that would be
something you're interested in if I'm
wasting my time if I'm being crazy with
this stuff but yeah anyways what I'm
also going to do is put my music video
on the end in this video so check that
out I'm doing them that's what I'm going
to you from now on just put like a song
of mine at the end of my videos and
check out a myspace.com / stripper
disaster or at itunes.com / trick of
disaster so yeah let me know if that's a
good idea and if you want one and maybe
I can send it to you peace guys I know a
girl she's like rainbow and she's read
the golden compass like south is
and I think is pretty special me
pretty special oh she plays with bubbles
under
like her like that makes me
she's going
and
Porsha still
sings my songs while
she plays with bubbles in there
she plays it
I know a girl she's like a boy
and she's got her own
do you spell religion
did the LSAT the dream
hey that's
any special uh
she played
my good friend
why
whoa
I get poetic
I was right and wrong
down and sing your song
Timmy
she plays with bubbles in the rain
I make you feel like
you're famous
I good
she did bubbles in here